add info to hardware.rst (#265)
casper-network/docs: node-operator/hardware.rst

 * 4 Cores
 * 32 GB Ram

>  * 1 TB disk (Both SSDs and HDDs work but SSDs are faster than HDDs.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * 1 TB disk (Both SSDs and HDDs, but SSDs are much faster when syncing.)
```
